one of the things I love about my job is that there really aren't average
days. Um, there are average, maybe weeks, I would say, but every
day is different. So on the days that I'm teaching, I usually teach
classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays. And so on those days, most of my
day is spent in teaching activities. So I'm either actually lecturing
in a class or I'm holding office hours where I'm meeting with students
or I'm working on lecture prep, you know, getting things ready
for the next week. Usually, uh, grading falls into that, too. Um, so
that's Tuesdays and Thursdays and then on the other days, Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays. Those are usually devoted mostly to my research.
So Monday is the day that I try to reserve to do a lot of writing.
Um, and then on Wednesdays, I'm kind of focusing more on, um, actually
doing the research. Um, and then Fridays I have lab meetings,
and I meet with, uh, my personal lab. Also meet with the with the
fibromyalgia research group lab that that I work with Andi, then sprinkled
also in those Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Our committee
meetings, um those air, you know, happening all the time. Um eso really?
When I look at my calendar, there's some kind of overall patterns,
But honestly, every single day is unique. It's it's all a little
different. And that's one of the things I really love about. My job
is it never gets boring. I can honestly say that my job is never boring.
Sometimes it's overwhelming. Um, sometimes it's annoying, but
it is never, ever, ever boring.